CASM-5705: Need to document (@csm-docs) steps on enabling Rack Resiliency post install/upgrade (#6261)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/rack_resiliency/Enabling_Rack_Resiliency.md

**NOTE:**

* By default, the Rack Resiliency feature is disabled.
* Rack Resiliency can be enabled during fresh install of CSM 1.7 or an

>   upgrade from CSM 1.6 to CSM 1.7. Also, it can be enabled anytime after an install or upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  upgrade from CSM 1.6 to CSM 1.7. It can also be enabled as an operational procedure on a
  system running CSM 1.7+, outside of an install or upgrade.
```
